GitHub README updates (#23847)
wso2/product-is: README.md

<a href="http://wso2.com/products/identity-server/">

> <img src="https://wso2.cachefly.net/wso2/sites/all/image_resources/wso2-branding-logos/wso2-logo-orange.png" alt="WSO2 logo" width=30% height=30% />

Reviewer: Is it expected to replace the identity server logo with the WSO2 logo?

Reviewer 2: @sagara-gunathunga

Author: This is an intentional change  to have WSO2 brand name across all of the  products in a consistent manner.  Please refer to the references given in the description.  We are adopting the same template across all the products, please refer to how this has been implemented in other products.  

https://github.com/isamauny-wso2/product-apim/blob/readme_update_q424/README.md?plain=1 
https://github.com/wso2/product-micro-integrator/pull/4145/files
https://github.com/wso2/product-streaming-integrator/pull/330/files
https://github.com/wso2/product-ballerina-integrator/pull/258/files

| master      | [![Build Status](https://wso2.org/jenkins/job/products/job/product-is/badge/icon)](https://wso2.org/jenkins/job/products/job/product-is/) | [![Test Results](https://wso2.org/jenkins/job/products/job/product-is/badge/icon)](https://wso2.org/jenkins/job/products/job/product-is/lastBuild/testReport/) |

---

WSO2 Identity Server is a powerful, modern identity and access management solution for your on-premises or cloud environment. It enables organizations to deliver exceptional, trusted digital experiences to all types of users.

To learn more about WSO2 Identity Server please visit [WSO2 Identity Server website](https://wso2.com/identity-server/)

> ##### Looking for a Hosted Identity Solution?
> Try **[Asgardeo](https://wso2.com/asgardeo/)** free of charge – a public identity cloud solution (iDaaS) offering, built on the same technology core as **WSO2 Identity Server**.

Why WSO2 Identity Server?
=========================
Whether you’re securing apps for external consumers, internal workforce, business customers, or even API access, WSO2 Identity Server provides the modern, full-featured identity and access foundation you need. 

> Customers prefer Identity Server for its developer-centric design, extensive standards support, freedom to deploy however needed, and massive scalability.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if including a marketing pitch in the README of the open source repository is entirely appropriate. Since we've already linked to the Identity Server website, I feel it might not be necessary to reiterate that information here. just my personal opinion, of course.

Reviewer 2: +1. @sagara-gunathunga WDYT ?

              
    - Advanced RBAC to define delegated administration rights.
    - Choice of login options per customer, including enterprise IDP. 
    - Subscription model to ensure the right apps are available to customers.
    - Customizable branding per customer to ensure the highest user engagement.
    - Rich support for various organization hierarchies, such as B2B2C. 
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Best API security available anywhere, using the powerful FAPI standard</summary>
              
    - Additional security features built on top of the OAuth2 standard.
    - Originating in financial services, but now desired by many industries. 
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Unified user experience</summary>
              
    - All-new administrative console.
    - Shared with [Asgardeo](https://wso2.com/asgardeo/) and Private Identity Cloud. 
</details>

Getting Started
===================
## System prerequisites

Refer to this page to consult pre-requisites based on your target architecture and operating system: https://is.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/deploy/get-started/install

Installation
----------------------------------

> 1. This product requires a JDK to run. We support JDK from v11 through v21. Check our [supported JDKs](https://is.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/deploy/get-started/install/#environment-compatibility) documentation  for a complete list.

Reviewer: WDYT?

```suggestion
1. WSO2 Identity Server requires a JDK to run and supports versions from JDK 11 through JDK 21. For the full list of supported versions, please refer to the [environment compatibility](https://is.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/deploy/get-started/install/#environment-compatibility) section in the documentation.
```

Author: +1

All known issues of WSO2 IS are filed at: https://github.com/wso2/product-is/issues. Please check this list before opening a new issue.

#### Opening an issue
Help us make our software better! Submit any bug reports or feature requests through GitHub: https://github.com/wso2/product-is/issues.

#### Reporting Security Issues
Please do not report security issues via GitHub issues. Instead, follow the WSO2 Security Vulnerability Reporting Guidelines.

Join our community!
========================
- Read our documentation at [https://is.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/](https://is.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/).
- Get help on [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/wso2-is).
- Join the conversation on [Discord](https://discord.gg/wso2).
- Learn more by reading articles from our [library](https://wso2.com/library/).

Commercial Support
==================
You can take advantage of a WSO2 on-prem product subscription for the full range of software product benefits like expert support, continuous product updates, vulnerability monitoring, and access to the licensed distribution for commercial use.

To learn more, check WSO2 Subscription.

Contributing
===============

> If you are planning on contributing to the development efforts of WSO2 <Product Name>, you can do that by checking out the latest development version. The master branch holds the latest unreleased source code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are planning on contributing to the development efforts of WSO2 Identity Server, you can do that by checking out the latest development version. The master branch holds the latest unreleased source code.
```

Author: @pavinduLakshan thanks for catching this.

Please follow the details instructions available here: https://wso2.github.io  

<If necessary, insert specific instructions for your product here>

> Can you fill this survey ?

Reviewer: Is this intentional?

Author: This has been fixed now.

WSO2 wants to learn more about our open source software (OSS) community and your communication preferences to serve you better.

In addition, we may reach out to a small number of respondents to ask additional questions and offer a small gift.

Survey is available at: https://forms.gle/h5q4M3K7vyXba3bK6 

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

> (c) Copyright 2019 - 2025 WSO2 LLC. All Rights Reserved.

Reviewer: Shall we remove the year so that we wouldn't have to update the readme every year?

Also, we don't normally use "All Rights Reserved" phrase on open source software components.

```suggestion
(c) Copyright WSO2 LLC.
```

Reviewer 2: +1

Author: @pavinduLakshan again, shall we discuss in this doc as this would effect all the products? https://docs.google.com/document/d/1h2YHSNzLY7WeG-OFhiXWAmV3Ge6BYh5OxWzh1MSpDPE/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.ets5v6jkucdz
